The
I'm so excited, so excited, boy!
Far away from the sun, in a western country
A place where the red sunset is distorted
This is a large Spain
A red flower known to man
A girl wearing a red dress
Is there a love that can be changed?
Carmen, let's go fishing
What is it, Jose?
In the evening, in the inn, in the inn
Waiting for the spring dawn
When the flowers bloom
Even the Buddha, who has been loving the Buddha
I'm so excited!
Forget about the flowers
Let's watch the sunset today
Let's watch the sunset
After we go to the inn
Hey, everyone
Under the roof of the Spanish house
The memories are nostalgic
The sand is so refreshing
The man who has been holding a sword
In the boiling water
The victory of today is also in the water
The cow was released
The cow is coming
Number 1, the score is 1
Thank you for the last time
Thank you for watching